Did Kushan coins have images of Kushan Kings, Buddha, and figures from the Indo-Aryan and Iranian pantheons?
Who established the Kushan Empire, although the relationship between the Yuezhi and the Kushans is unclear?
Did the Kushans use the Greek language for administrative purposes, but began to use Bactrian language?
Did the Kushan dynasty have diplomatic contacts with the Roman Empire, Sasanian Persia, the Aksumite Empire and Han China?
What tells us the Kushans divided up Bactria in 128 BC?
Who tells us the Kushans divided up Bactria in 128 BC?
Was the name Guishuang adopted in the West and modified into Kushan to designate the confederation, although the Chinese continued to call them Yuezhi?
Did the Kushans adopt elements of the Hellenistic culture of Bactria?
May the great Kushan emperor Vima Kadphises have embraced Saivism, as surmised by coins minted during the period?
Did the following Kushan emperors represent a wide variety of faiths including Zoroastrianism, Buddhism, and Saivism?
Did Vima Kadphises add to the Kushan territory by his conquests in Afghanistan and north-west Pakistan?
What added to the Kushan territory by his conquests in Afghanistan and north-west Pakistan?
Was Vāsishka a Kushan emperor who seems to have a 20-year reign following Kanishka?
Was Huvishka a Kushan emperor from I about thirty years?
Did the Sasanians depose the Western dynasty and replaced them with Persian vassals known as the Kushanshas?
Who deposed the Western dynasty and replaced them with Persian vassals known as the Kushanshas?
Was the Eastern Kushan kingdom based in the Punjab?
Does the Kushan style of Kidarite coins indicate they claimed Kushan heritage?
Does the Kidarite seem to have been prosperous, although on a smaller scale than their Kushan predecessors?
Who are represented on early coins?
Was Kanishka a great patron of Buddhism;?
Was Kujula Kadphises the great-grandfather of Kanishka?
What was the great-grandfather of Kanishka?
Is Kanishka's era accepted to have begun in 127 on the basis of Harry Falk's ground-breaking research?
Is Kanishka renowned in Buddhist tradition for having convened a great Buddhist council in Kashmir?
What may have embraced Saivism, as surmised by coins minted during the period?
Did Kujula issue an extensive series of coins and fathered two sons, Sadaṣkaṇa, and Vima Takto?
Who were subjugated by the Persian Sasanian Empire and lost Sogdiana, Bactria and Gandhara to them?
Did Vasudeva IV report possible child of Vasudeva III, ruling in Kandahar, uncertain?
What reported possible child of Vasudeva III, ruling in Kandahar, uncertain?
What reported possible child of Vasudeva IV, ruling in Kabul, uncertain?
What is renowned in Buddhist tradition for having convened a great Buddhist council in Kashmir?
Who used the Greek language for administrative purposes, but began to use Bactrian language?
Was Turkmenistan known for the kushan Buddhist city of Merv?
Was Kušan Kashana - xšaθr -RRB- a syncretic empire, formed by the Yuezhi, in the Bactrian territories in the early 1st century?
What was a syncretic empire, formed by the Yuezhi, in the Bactrian territories in the early 1st century?
Did the Yuezhi reach the Hellenic kingdom of Greco-Bactria around 135 BC?
Does Gandhara consist of eastern Afghanistan and northern Pakistan?
What was a great patron of Buddhism;?
Who adopted elements of the Hellenistic culture of Bactria?
Does a Sanskrit manuscript fragment in the Schøyen Collection describe Huvishka as one who has "set in the Mahāyāna?
Was Qiujiuque more than eighty years old when he died?
What was more than eighty years old when he died?
What became king in his place?
What is accepted to have begun in 127 on the basis of Harry Falk's ground-breaking research?